README.md, before:

# Introduction

Melys is an e-commerce business, located in South Wales, creating honey and beeswax products. Please note some of these products are not yet created by Melys and have been created for the purpose of this project. The purpose of this website is to sell Melys’ range of products and to create a portfolio for its owner. Melys will have a personable feel to the website, emphasising that this is a small, ethical, and local business. Users can buy a range of products from the website, such as honey or candles, and users can find out more about the bees and owner that created the products. Melys also offers beekeeping workshops, presented by the owner of Melys, and users can sign up through the website if interested.

## Mock up


# User Experience, Research and Design

In order to create the best user experience, I looked at several honey/beekeeping related websites in order to understand best practice. 


https://beesinthed.com/ is a NGO that has a focus on “saving the bees”, but it also sells a range of products such as honey, books, clothes, and tours. Its focus on educating audiences prior to selling is useful when creating Melys, as it’s important for users to initially know a little about the business and its owner and bees, before buying its products. Melys should build a level of reliability in order to ensure users both invest in the business through buying products, but also emotionally investing in Melys.

Of course, when researching this website, the most influential and important ____ I received was the business owner’s goals for its design. Elisha Nichols, owner of Melys, said “”. It is imperative, then that….


Strategy
An Agile Approach
# Scope

# User Stories
# Features
## Future features

# Structure

# Skeleton
## Wireframes

![Home Page](home.png)
![Log in](login.png)
![About](about.png)
![All Products](allproducts.png)
![Product page](productpage.png)
![Workshop](workshop.png)
![My Account](myaccount.png)
![Shopping Basket](basket.png)
![Check Out](checkout.png)
![Thank you](thankyou.png)




# Surface

# Web Marketing Strategy
# Features
Entity Relationship Diagram. Database schema(?)
(example )
# Manual testing
Code validation
W3c jigsaw
Pep8
Jshint
lighthouse
## Deployment
# Credits, Sources & Acknowledgements

https://fonts.google.com/selection/embed
https://fontawesome.com/
Css tricks as found in base.css

Commit message:

Fix path for wireframes in README.md

README.md, after:

# Introduction

Melys is an e-commerce business, located in South Wales, creating honey and beeswax products. Please note some of these products are not yet created by Melys and have been created for the purpose of this project. The purpose of this website is to sell Melys’ range of products and to create a portfolio for its owner. Melys will have a personable feel to the website, emphasising that this is a small, ethical, and local business. Users can buy a range of products from the website, such as honey or candles, and users can find out more about the bees and owner that created the products. Melys also offers beekeeping workshops, presented by the owner of Melys, and users can sign up through the website if interested.

## Mock up


# User Experience, Research and Design

In order to create the best user experience, I looked at several honey/beekeeping related websites in order to understand best practice. 


https://beesinthed.com/ is a NGO that has a focus on “saving the bees”, but it also sells a range of products such as honey, books, clothes, and tours. Its focus on educating audiences prior to selling is useful when creating Melys, as it’s important for users to initially know a little about the business and its owner and bees, before buying its products. Melys should build a level of reliability in order to ensure users both invest in the business through buying products, but also emotionally investing in Melys.

Of course, when researching this website, the most influential and important ____ I received was the business owner’s goals for its design. Elisha Nichols, owner of Melys, said “”. It is imperative, then that….


Strategy
An Agile Approach
# Scope

# User Stories
# Features
## Future features

# Structure

# Skeleton
## Wireframes

Here are the wireframes for Melys:

![Home Page](media/docs/wireframes/home.png)
![Log in](media/docs/wireframes/login.png)
![About](media/docs/wireframes/about.png)
![All Products](media/docs/wireframes/allproducts.png)
![Product page](media/docs/wireframes/productpage.png)
![Workshop](media/docs/wireframes/workshop.png)
![My Account](media/docs/wireframes/myaccount.png)
![Shopping Basket](media/docs/wireframes/basket.png)
![Check Out](media/docs/wireframes/checkout.png)
![Thank you](media/docs/wireframes/thankyou.png)




# Surface

# Web Marketing Strategy
# Features
Entity Relationship Diagram. Database schema(?)
(example )
# Manual testing
Code validation
W3c jigsaw
Pep8
Jshint
lighthouse
## Deployment
# Credits, Sources & Acknowledgements

https://fonts.google.com/selection/embed
https://fontawesome.com/
Css tricks as found in base.css
